Contact\
Information
===========

[http://jd.batchik.net](http://jd.batchik.net/)

Objective
=========

To secure a 2015 summer internship in the field of computer science.

Experience
==========

<span>http://google.com/</span> Implemented load testing infrastructure
for newly released software. Reduced request latency by 70% for backend
monitoring services. Languages / tools used: Java, Python, Protocol
Buffers, Google data stores.\
 <span>http://amazon.com/</span> Overhauled internal search capabilities
for the Enterprise Data Warehouse team, using various Amazon cloud
products, including Cloud-Search, SNS, and SQS.\
 <span>Summer 2013</span><span>Engineering
Intern</span><span>http://jhuapl.edu/</span> Developed a sensor
management system used to control and collect data from multiple
telescopes remotely. Languages / tools used: Java, ant, svn, SQL, Google
Protocol Buffers.\
\
Additional prior summer internships:\
**Six3 Systems, Inc.** - Fulton, MD Summer 2012 - http://six3esd.com\
**SRA International** - Columbia, MD Summer 2012 - http://sra.com\
**RTGX - Ross Technology, Inc.** - Baltimore, MD Summer 2011 -
http://rtgx.com\
**Computer Science Corporation** - Hanover, MD Summer 2011 -
http://csc.com

Education
=========

- Rochester, NY

Major: Computer Science, Minor: American Politics

Dean’s List: In-Major: 3.82 GPA, Over All: 3.6 GPA

Expected graduation: May 2016

Technical Skills & Certifications
=================================

Python

Java

Haskell

HTML / CSS

Ruby

Go

C

git

vim

rails

postgreSQL

JUnit

Google Protocol Buffers

Cloudera Certified Developer for Apache Hadoop, 2012

Self-Directed Projects
======================

**LDAP Profiles**: Created and maintain a Rails web application to act
as a friendly interface to LDAP servers. It integrates with WebAuth to
securely provide keyless login. Actively used in production at Rochester
Institute of Technology\

**Github Language Analysis**: Built a data anaylzer and ingest pipeline
using Go to determine the programming language usage across all of
GitHub. Was able to provide key insights to usage trends over time and
in comparison to each other. Implemented a distributed ingest pipeline
to increase processing capabilities.\

**Sys Mon**: Developed a system monitoring tool in Ruby to monitor load
average, memory usage, and IO. All the log data is viewable through a
web interface with graphs over time.\

**Mobile News**: Wrote an Android application to allow users to read and
edit the Computer Science House’s internal news network on a native
application.\

Awards
======

**Maryland Math Engineering Science Achievement**: Won 1st place in both
regional and state level competitions for developing a maze traversal
algorithm in Python.\

**Website Excellence Award, FIRST Robotics**: Developed and maintained
an award-winning website for my school’s FIRST robotics team.

Clubs & Activities
==================

**CSH (Computer Science House)**: An organization at RIT that provides a
living and learning environment with access to unique facilities and
hands-on learning, all in a social environment.
